hey! first post here

its satty june 27 its satty may 27,
and we're celrbrsting celebrating 
Colin's life and his mom's life in 
my friend group and family.

i guess this post will have stuff
about like, Colin primarily, cause
what I've learned about life so much
over the past several days is that
ppl tend to use people, and it's nice
if we can appreciate the person
instead of like, looking beyond them
to see the metaphysical, social, 
cultural whatever context in which
they're situated.

this should not really be that hard
to do bc Colin's legiterally my best
friend. i think the really hard part
is just learningv some stuff really
wuick. so much of about mh my life so
far has been about the dxpectation

that I be a good friend by showing
fealty to promises I may made back
when I was 13. let's focus on 27
DiSarthairne, Ch√®itean 2566 EB- may
27, 2023. No way I gotta forget that

say it six times to remember
